vtgr: Remove deprecated vtgr (#13308)
vitessio/vitess: changelog/18.0/18.0.0/summary.md

#### <a id="deleted-k8stopo"/>Deleted `k8stopo`

The `k8stopo` has been deprecated in Vitess 17, also see https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/issues/13298. With Vitess 18 the `k8stopo` has been removed.

#### <a id="deleted-vtgr"/>Deleted `vtgr`

> The `vtgr` has been deprecated in Vitess 17, also see https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/issues/13300. With Vitess 18 `vtgr` has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vtgr` was deprecated in Vitess 17, also see https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/issues/13300. With Vitess 18 `vtgr` has now been removed.
```
